- I'm world-famous drag
superstar Detox.
- Wow.
It's really filled.
Dee has a large amount
of silicone injected
in various parts of the body.
At a moment's notice,
any of those can turn
into a major problem.
- I had a little friend
come over who's gonna help us.
- Okay.
- The leech lady.
- The last thing
she probably thinks about
is having a leech on her face.
Sorry.
The nipple
is turning darker.
- The nipple was black
at this point and crusting over.
- You got screwed.
- Yeah.
- ♪ I want to be sexy ♪
♪ I want to be hot ♪
♪ Fix me, make me beautiful ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- My name is Matthew,
and my six pack is whack.
My abs are a little off-kilter.
They look very uneven.
It looks like if you're
playing Jenga, almost.
[laughter]
I am world-famous drag
superstar Detox.
I was on season five
of "RuPaul's Drag Race"
and season two of
"RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars."
I don't even know
how many wigs I have,
but I would have to guess
probably around 200.
I have a lot, like this one.
This one makes me feel
like a woman.
And this one makes me
feel like a woman on crack.
[laughs]
I remember seeing my first
drag show and saying,
"That's what I need
to be doing."
And I was, like, 17 years old
wearing 10" platform heels
going into every bar
in the city,
and people knew who I was.
To be so young and to be
accepted into that world
at such an early age--
it was like a high for me.
And then I started meeting all
of these other people who had,
like, these beautiful bodies,
and these gorgeous faces,
and they looked like aliens.
And I was like, "I want that."
And then I met this guy
who was able to offer me
some alterations here and there,
so I jumped on the opportunity,
and I jumped on the needle.
If I had to put a number
on the amount of silicon
I have in my body,
probably gallons.
[mimics syringes squirting]
The first thing
I had done was my face:
cheeks, lips,
and a little bit in my chin.
I swelled up so much,
but I was obsessed.
My lips were, like, huge,
and I could see them bouncing
when I would walk around,
and I was like, "I have to put
lipstick on immediately,"
and so I did.
I took, like, the brightest
pink lipstick I could find.
I put them on.
I was like, "Oh, my God."
Well, my entire life
I was a string bean.
I was very skinny,
and I realized that I could have
a beautiful body by injection.
Fill me up!
[laughs]
And I had my pecs done.
I had my shoulders done.
I had my biceps done.
My hips. My ass.
I was in heaven,
but the one thing that I regret
the most doing is my six pack.
They're not perfectly parallel.
They look very uneven.
Getting recognized everywhere
there's definitely
a little bit of fame.
I don't like to say
that I'm famous.
I am definitely gaymous.
What's the world gonna think?
Because they're very critical.
They all have
a very strong opinion.
And I was like, "Well,
I don't want to have to, like,
sit and read nasty comments
all the time about
how gross my abs are."
I always have to feel
like I'm covered up.
I always have to have
some kind of, like, a corset
or a girdle to kind of
smooth everything out,
because I don't want people
to see those weird lumps.
So Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow,
please take these abs out
and make me the best little
drag queen in the world.
I would love you forever.
♪ ♪
- My name is Jessica.
I'm 32 years old,
and I'm from Omaha, Nebraska.
I lost my left breast,
and I am desperate to find it.
I was a pretty normal kid.
Everything was great, until the
weight gain started to happen.
Any time I was stressed out
or had a problem I turned
to food for comfort.
By the time I was 15,
barely 5 foot.
Over 200 pounds.
Kids are mean.
I was picked on
and just miserable,
so at 25 years old,
I got pregnant.
I was probably around 230
when I delivered my son.
I looked in the mirror
one day and said,
"I have to do something
about this,
to be a happy, healthy,
productive person.
To be a great mother
for this baby."
And so I started every workout
video you could imagine,
and I was done treating
my body like crap.
It was the best thing
I had ever done for myself.
So as we all know,
when you lose a lot of weight,
you are left with extra skin.
I decided to go get breast
implants to fill in the skin,
and that turned out
to be a nightmare.
The very next day I knew
something was terribly wrong.
My left breast was swollen up
about double the size
of the right,
and my nipple
was turning purple,
so I immediately
called the doctor.
The final decision was, "Let's
see if it absorbs on its own."
Seeing your nipple
turn black and scab
is the scariest [bleep]
you will ever see.
It's like watching your body die
in front of your eyes,
so I decided to make
an appointment
with my primary doctor
whom I'd been with
for ten years.
My doctor was appalled
and said, "You have MRSA.
It's been eating your tissue."
I was terrified.
The death rate is 40%
once it gets in.
I had two surgeries
to remove the infection,
and when I came out
I had nothing left.
The implants were both removed,
and the scars were
just unbelievable.
It looked like a shark
had eaten me.
As a result of the surgeries,
I suffered severe nerve damage
on the left side
of my arm into my hand.
I couldn't use
my arm for months.
It's painful
in everything that I do.
I had to work and work
and work to tie my son's shoe.
I had doctors' notes signed
for permanent disability.
I was buying nerve
pain medications
and painkillers
out of my pocket.
At the end of all
of these surgeries,
I couldn't tell you
how much I spent.
I couldn't afford
my home anymore.
It had completely broken me.
I moved in with my mother,
so that she could take
care of me and my son.
I knew the gym was going to be
the first thing to save me.
I was going to rebuild
my physical strength,
and it was just something
to get back to normalcy for me,
because it had been such
a big part of my life.
Spot.
- I think it's complete
bull[bleep]
what happened to Jessica.
She's lost everything.
She lost her home.
She lost her job.
She lost a boob.
I mean, that's a lot to lose.
- I feel like I look like a man,
because of the proportions.
I tend to just not try at all.
Baggy clothes and no makeup are
pretty common for me these days.
I am dying to feel
like a woman again.
If I can just look symmetrical
with my clothes on,
life would be
a billion times better.
- It's funny. In my office,
they can tell how hard a case
is by how many times I sigh.
This is a multiple sigh case.
This is actually a really,
really sad story.
This is a girl who had
a breast augmentation.
Just a routine
breast augmentation.
She suffered blood supply
problem to the entire breast.
- How does that happen?
- I don't know.
Look. Gone.
- She almost looks like she is
a cancer reconstruction patient.
- She lost
the entire left breast,
so let's bring Jessica
and ask her what's going on.
- Can you please
send in Jessica?
- Hello.
- Hi, Jessica. Dr. Nassif.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Hi, Jessica. Terry Dubrow.
Pleasure to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
It's gonna take a miracle
to make me look normal,
but they are the best doctors,
and if anybody can do it,
I totally trust them to do it.
- So this all started with
a simple
breast augmentation, right?
- Yeah.
I decided to treat myself
to breasts for my birthday.
This was actually last summer.
- Okay.
- The very next day,
the left breast
was swollen up twice the size
of the right breast,
and the nipple
was turning purple.
- Hematoma?
- Hematoma.
- So I went back to her,
and she said,
"Why don't you
come back Friday?
I've got surgery all day,
but if you get to
the hospital early enough,
I'll take a look to see
what's going on."
- That's a surgical emergency
that is now pressing
on the underside of your nipple,
cutting off the blood supply,
and potentially
the surrounding breast tissue.
There are a few absolutes
in medicine surgery,
and one of the most
significant is that
when you get
a collection of blood
in a pocket in the body,
you go right to the operating
room, and you remove it.
And the nipple was turning
darker this whole time?
- The nipple was black
at this point and crusting over.
And the incisions themselves
are bursting open at this point
and oozing and bleeding.
And she looked,
and she said,
"That's gonna absorb itself.
You're gonna be fine."
I knew it was infected.
I could smell the infection,
and I just trusted her.
So I go to see my family doctor,
and the second
I took my shirt off...
- She freaked out.
- She freaked.
- Of course she did.
- "You have MRSA."
- Oh, God.
- Oh, God. You had MRSA.
- You didn't go to a surgeon.
You went to an assassin.
- If the MRSA became that severe
that it eats through the muscles
and then the tissue
overlying the ribcage,
it could have got down
to the heart.
Obviously, that would not
have been good.
- We did the surgery.
I had them remove
both of the implants.
They cut off most of my breast.
I was sewn up vertically
and had nothing left.
- You basically had
a mastectomy.
Not to a cancer,
but due to a cancerous doctor.
- You know, being the stick
that I am I always was,
like, so envious,
especially in the gym,
of her freaking
perfect hourglass shape.
And then it was like they
stripped her of her lady parts.
- You got screwed.
- Yeah.
- Having a weird, ripply
stomach is always on my mind,
'cause people talk [bleep]
in my comments,
and they make fun of me for it.
Well, I don't need
your little bitch ass
telling me to go fix it.
- It's just an ugly nose.
And as much as
my friends and family
try to assure me
that I'm still beautiful,
I know what I see.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Okay, so, Jessica,
it's all about tissue quality.
Tissue thickness.
So let's look at this one.
This one has well-healed
lift scars.
You actually have a good amount
of breast tissue.
You lack upper fullness.
We can make this one look
very good very easily.
It's all about,
"What can we do with this one?"
Because, essentially, because of
your soft tissue infections,
you've lost the lower insertions
of your pec major,
so you have no pectoralis
muscle in the lower half
where we normally
would have that.
That's what's giving her
that concave depression
in the lower part of her chest
and makes the reconstruction
very difficult.
What we have to do is find a way
to get you a breast mound
that won't get infected,
won't kill the overlying tissue
the way it happened before.
Not easy.
However, this is not
our first rodeo.
This is what we do.
I think we can actually give you
a good-looking left breast.
And then we will make you
an areola and a nipple
that looks as good
as the other side.
Just as long as we don't
run into a complication,
but I can promise you,
if we run into a complication,
and we may,
because you're at high risk,
I will be all over
that complication.
I will not leave you hanging.
- Yeah.
- We're gonna try and make this
positive for you. All right.
- Thank you.
- Pleasure meeting you.
- Nice meeting you.
Thank you guys so much.
Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow are
little angels sent from heaven.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you.
Will you hug me topless?
There's no boobs.
It's not weird.
- There's no boobs.
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
- My name is Shannon.
I'm 47, and this nose
makes me look like
I am the wicked witch
of the South...
Carolina.
I've always wanted
to get my nose fixed,
since I was a teenager.
It was a family nose.
It has a little bump on it,
and it's very round at the tip.
In 2005, I decided to give
myself a breast augmentation,
and everything went fabulous.
I loved my breasts.
They turned out great,
so I had no reservations
with scheduling
a rhinoplasty surgery,
deciding to use
the same physician
that did my breast augmentation.
It did not go well.
When I went into surgery,
there were no red flags.
The "aha" moment was after all
the packing had been removed.
It was longer
and almost hanging
over the top of my lip,
so we scheduled a revision
rhinoplasty in 2011.
I knew immediately
it wasn't fixed.
He made my nose fatter.
This is the result,
and it's not good.
I was a paralegal for 15 years,
and very recently I have decided
to go to cosmetology school.
It's high energy.
It's fun. It's exciting.
We learn something
new every day,
but every classroom you're in
is surrounded by mirrors.
Now, for eight hours a day,
it's hard not to catch
your reflection in the mirror.
I do feel that when people
are talking to me
they're looking at my nose.
It's just an ugly nose.
I did a face swap
with my daughter,
and immediately she said,
"Switch it back, Mom.
You have a witch nose."
[chuckles]
Sorry.
And as much as
my friends and family
try to assure me
that I'm still beautiful,
I know what I see.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- There's this place up here
that makes dolls.
So I figured since
I'm already a rubber doll,
I might as well have
a little doll of myself.
- You're ridiculous.
[both laugh]
- They scan me,
and then I come out to
a little action figure of Detox.
- So right here.
- Awesome.
- Let us know
if you need anything.
- Thank you.
- My sister is amazing.
She's always been that
driving force behind me to say,
"Push yourself. Push yourself.
Push yourself.
Go out there and go for it
whatever it is
that you want to do."
- Why don't you just go
in naked?
Oh, 'cause then
that is all gonna show.
- Then this is all
gonna show.
- When Matthew started
getting injections,
he was pretty young,
like 18 years old.
And I started to get nervous
the bigger his lips got
and the more he started
to look like me.
It was a little bit freaky.
Do you want this
tied in a bow?
- I want it tied
really tight.
[gasps]
- How's that?
- Keep going. Keep going.
- But living with Detox
and this big personality--
it's almost like being
around a superhero.
- It's a lot of pressure to,
like,
always constantly
look good.
And having a weird, ripply
stomach is always on my mind,
'cause people talk [bleep]
in my comments,
and they make fun of me for it.
And I'm tired of it.
Let's talk about the haters.
I know that I have this issue.
I want to fix this issue myself.
I don't need your little bitch
ass telling me to go fix it.
- Oh, wow. You look fantastic.
- Thank you.
- Awesome.
Follow me into our doob-licator
where we doob-licate you.
All right, so angel pose.
I'm gonna count down from three.
Two. One.
- I am living my entire life
in this 3D printing machine,
because I've always wanted to be
a robot alien sex worker,
and that's exactly
what I feel like right now.
- So you guys happy with this?
- I think so.
- I think it looks so good.
- It masks everything
that I was concerned about.
All of my little problem areas.
I think I look gorgeous.
I think this doll
is gonna turn out so, so cute,
and I cannot wait to come back
and have another one made
where I can be fully naked.
- It looks great.
- Thank you!
- It seems to kind of go up
a little here.
- We call that a Polly beak,
okay?
- Did you just say "beak?"
- Mm-hmm.
- [groans]
- [sighs]
The more difficult the case,
the greater
the number of sighs per minute.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Terry, do me a favor.
Come here.
Take a look at this patient.
This is Shannon.
- Okay.
- Pretty lady.
- Wow. Plunging tip.
- Absolutely.
- Oh, jeez. Whoa.
Oh, it's a really plunging tip.
- Let's call her in.
- Okay.
- Can you please
send in Shannon?
- Hey.
- Shannon, Dr. Nassif.
Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you. Shannon.
- Hi, Shannon. Terry Dubrow.
- Hey. Nice to meet you.
- Hi.
- I hope that Dr. Nassif
can just make my nose look
like it fits my face
and not something
that is just like,
"Hey. Here comes
Shannon and her nose."
- Can you give us
a little history?
Why did you get a rhinoplasty
in the first place?
- Well, it was a family nose.
We all had the same bump
and then, like,
a real bulbous end on the nose,
so I've always wanted
a rhinoplasty.
For my 35th birthday,
I got my breasts done.
He did a fabulous job,
but apparently a breast guy
does not make a nose man.
- Somebody who does good breasts
usually means
they do good breasts.
Most likely not good noses.
- I knew pretty much right away
my nose was, like,
where it wasn't before.
It was so long
you could literally
swing it back-and-forth.
- No support.
- Yeah.
- I did go back to him.
We decided to go ahead
with the revision,
and this is what came about.
- If you can do anything
you wanted to your nose,
what would your goals be?
- The first rhinoplasty
it was straight,
but now it seems to kind of
go up a little here.
- So get rid of the little--
there's a bump.
- There's a bump there,
but like I said, that--
- So we call that
a Polly beak, okay.
- Did you just say "beak?"
- Mm-hmm.
- [groans]
- Best thing for us to do is go
take a peek inside your nose
and then give you our thoughts
at that point, okay?
- Great. I am sweating
like a whore in church.
I know they are going to
squeeze it, poke it, prod it.
I don't let anybody touch it.
Not even my husband.
- Let me take a look.
Little bit of a deviated septum.
So you don't know if the doctor
did a septoplasty, do you?
- I don't know that.
- Cosmetically a few things
happening.
There's a dissociation
between the bones
and the lower half of your nose.
- Clearly.
- So the lower half of your nose
is made out of cartilage,
so we're gonna work
on getting it straight.
Now the tip--that's
the hardest part.
Your tip is a little bit
narrow here.
I want to make it
a little bit wider.
- Okay.
- Less beaky.
Less "witchy,"
as you were calling it.
- Yeah.
- I think if you had your nose
rotated up and dropped back,
you wouldn't even be in here.
- Right.
- This is a revision
rhinoplasty,
so that means there's more risks
associated with this:
infection, bleeding.
- It's very scary to hear
about the risks,
especially now that I'm older.
- What do you think?
- I'm all in if you are.
But I am hopeful that the reward
will outweigh the risks.
- Well, we look forward
to seeing you.
- Thank you.
- Nice meeting you.
- I don't ever want to be
called Witch Nose
again, unless it's Halloween.
- Yay!
[laughs]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Now I'm getting nervous.
Today's the big day.
I am going to
get my breasts back
and look like a woman again.
- Jessica.
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Good. How are you?
- Good.
- Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
- Okay. Good, because
we have things to talk about.
So you have a couple
of unique situations
that we don't
normally deal with.
You lost the left breast
and the left nipple,
and you had that really bad
flesh-eating disease.
And you have that muscle issue
where you have
part of the muscle.
Mathematics are what
this case is all about,
because there is
a major size difference
between the two breasts.
The left breast
essentially has no tissue,
so I have to find a way
to get both symmetry,
three-dimensionality,
and a shape.
For Jessica's surgery today,
I am going to start
by making an incision
in her right areola
and then elevate the pocket.
Next, I will remove
any unwanted scar tissue
and put in a new implant.
Then I'll explore the left side
and determine how much muscle
and breast tissue
I have to work with.
I'll create a new breast pocket
and insert
a high-profile implant
while hoping to achieve
breast symmetry.
Okay, so did
the vancomycin go in?
- Vancomycin was in.
- So hopefully
any dormant bacteria
in the left breast
has been obliterated.
One of the main concerns
with Jessica
is that she had
a very significant
MRSA bacterial infection.
I'm gonna give what's called
prophylactic antibiotics
in high doses preoperatively,
to hopefully kill
any dormant bacteria
that I may run into
during the surgical procedure.
[sighs]
Okay.
- One sigh.
- Start the sigh count.
- The more surgical stress,
the more difficult the case,
the greater the number
of sighs per minute.
Is this the pec major or minor?
That flesh-eating disease ate
the lower part of her pec major,
so this must be the minor.
Maybe I can combine parts
of the minor with the major.
If I can elevate up
the pectoralis minor muscle
and attach it to
the pectoralis major muscle,
I can get potentially good,
normal contour and coverage
over a breast implant.
[sighs]
There's another one.
The sigh-per-second count
is going up.
So I think we're gonna use
a 300 cc moderate profile
on the right,
and let's use an extra-high
profile 500-ish on the left.
Because Jess' right breast
has so much more breast tissue,
I'm gonna have to put
a correspondingly larger
implant on her left
and a smaller one on her right,
in order to achieve symmetry.
Okay. Can we sit her up?
- Mm-hmm.
- Here it is.
The moment of truth.
- Yeah.
- They are sisters.
- Mm-hmm.
- They're not identical twins,
but they definitely have
the same mother and father.
I'm really happy with this.
With a 480 cc implant
on the left
and a 300 cc implant
on the right,
I've got pretty good symmetry
going in Jessica.
If I can just get her to heal,
and hopefully she won't develop
any untoward infections,
I may end up having
a really nice result today.
All right. Thank you.
- Welcome.
- Doing something
to a silicone-injected area
can induce a very significant
inflammatory reaction.
Not to scare you, but that's--
- [laughs]
Too late.
- Go ahead.
[hammer tapping]
Harder.
Oh, oh, oh.
Small poke through the skin.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Hi. Good morning.
- I'm Shannon.
I'm here for surgery
with Dr. Nassif.
- Perfect.
Go ahead
and sign in for us.
- I'm nervous because
this is my third surgery,
and I am getting older,
so complications could arise.
But I'm ready to let
the witch nose go.
Goodbye, nose.
- Come on in.
Welcome to the OR.
- The most challenging part
of today's surgery
is how far do we have
to lift up that tip?
Because if we lift
it up too much,
is it gonna drop
a little bit within a month?
Or if we don't do it enough,
is the nose gonna be too long?
So it's a fine balancing act,
and we're just gonna have
to see what we gotta do.
To fix Shannon's nose,
my team will harvest rib
while I make a small incision
underneath the nose
to open it up.
I will use a rasp
to remove the nasal hump,
and then I will fracture her
nasal bones with osteotomies,
to fix the open roof deformity.
I will use the rib
to make spreader grafts
which will make
the middle vault wider
and a septal extension graft
to lower the entire tip
of the nose,
leaving Shannon with
a softer overall appearance.
Okay, so here comes the rib.
Well, that's a long
piece of rib.
Okay. Thank you.
There's some scar tissue
in the tip.
I think that's scar tissue.
I think that's a graft.
I don't even know.
It's hard. It's thick.
There's no great tissue planes.
We just have to be lucky.
Oh, oh, oh.
Small poke through the skin.
There's nothing I can do.
I mean I gotta get it off, and
there's no other plane there.
It's like dissecting between,
you know, two pieces of cement.
When you're dissecting
through intense,
hard scar tissue,
you take whatever you can
and cut through it.
Remove enough so that
it doesn't hurt
the actual viability
of the skin,
and then reconstruct the nose.
Okay, let's go in
and do some rasping.
The bone on the left.
Just a little bit too tall.
Let me just take that
down a little bit.
Rasping is like filing.
So you basically
have a file, a nail,
and you go like that
to smooth things out.
Mallet?
Okay.
Let's fracture the bones.
Go ahead.
[hammer tapping]
Harder. Go.
Go ahead one la--Easy.
[hammer tapping]
That's about it.
As I feel this tip,
I originally thought
there was cartilage in it.
Like a strap, but there isn't.
It just is fallen.
It's always scary elevating
or lifting a nasal tip,
because I have
to over-rotate it,
because it is gonna drop a bit.
And then if we do that,
and it doesn't come down,
then you have
a piggy nose, like this.
And then if you don't do enough,
and then it drops,
then you're back to
where you started from.
Oh, yeah. Look at that.
But at this point, we have
about a 95-degree angle.
Okay. We're finished.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
What are we looking at?
- Come here and look at this.
Our next patient
has had injections.
- What?
- Yeah.
Some kind of foreign body
injections throughout the body,
because Matthew is
a female impersonator.
- A drag queen.
- So wait a minute.
What about the chest?
- So it looks like there's been
injections in the chest.
Certainly injections
in the abdomen
which are the problem area,
because look.
Although at first glance
they sort of look like abs,
when you really look at 'em,
that doesn't look real.
Doesn't look natural.
Actually looks pretty abnormal.
Let's bring Matthew in.
- Can you please
send in Matthew?
- Oh, hello.
- Hi.
- Matthew, how are you, Detox?
- Well. How are you?
Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- Hi, Matthew. How are you?
- Hi. How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
- You can call me Dee.
Everyone calls me Dee.
- Terry Dubrow.
Nice to meet you.
- Heather. Nice to meet you.
- They look so handsome.
I didn't realize they were gonna
be so handsome in person,
so I'm a little flustered.
- I actually recognize you,
now that I see you.
- Oh, yeah. From "Cops"?
[laughter]
- Bad boys. Uh, no.
You've been on "RuPaul's
Drag Race," have you not?
- I have. Yes.
- Yes, you have, and actually
you're quite a prominent person.
- I like to think so.
- Yeah.
- I brought you
a little something.
- Well, let's see what it is.
- I'll let you open it. I did.
- Oh. Oh.
- I figured you guys would want
to see me all the time,
so I brought you
a little action figure.
- That is so cool. Look at that.
- How did you have that--
- Is this an outfit you wear?
- Mm-hmm.
I did a whole scanning
of my body in 360 degrees,
and then it's 3D printed.
I feel like everybody deserves
to have a little Detox
with them all the time.
But if they can't fix me, I'm
taking that mother[bleep] back.
[laughs]
- All right, so obviously
you're here
because you've had
a series of injections. Yes?
- Yes.
- What possessed you to do--
- Well, I was very young.
I started getting work done,
and all of my injections,
my silicone injections,
when I was about 18 years old.
And I've just never been able
to get an ass before,
and I want higher cheeks.
I want bigger lips.
This seems like a very easy,
inexpensive way
to remedy those issues.
- Multiple things can happen
with silicone
injected in your body,
and it can cause deformities.
It can get in
your blood vessels,
and this can happen
5 years, 10 years,
25 years down the line.
You never know.
- As I was getting everything
else, I wanted to have abdomens
where they were more defined
and more pronounced.
- So you wanted to inject
a six pack?
- So I wanted to inject
a six pack.
- But let me just interrupt you.
You wanted to get
feminizing injections,
but you don't want
to transition at all?
- No. I wanted to kind of find
this weird medium
where I'm feminine
but also masculine.
Like, I have pecs.
- Androgyny.
- Like, very--yeah.
I wanted to be very androgynous
and very fluid with my gender.
- Okay.
- And I still do.
- How is it
affecting you negatively?
- Well, as a man,
and as a gay man, obviously,
I want to get naked
all the time.
And as a drag performer, I want
to get naked all the time.
- When you're being a man,
and you're in a club
you're in a social situation,
and you're gay.
- Right.
- Shirt comes off, right?
Go to a white party.
What percent of people
have their shirts off?
- All of them.
- A what party?
- You know nothing.
- No.
I don't. I don't know
anything about that stuff.
- He just knows plastic surgery.
That's it.
- I'm a little taken aback
at how well-versed
in the gay community
Dr. Dubrow is.
He knew about white party.
He knew that everyone wants
to take their shirts
off at gay clubs.
I'm like, "Maybe I've seen him
in a gay club a time or two."
But that'll just be
our little secret.
- We obviously have a--now-
significant experience
helping people
with these problems
from silicone injections.
- That's why I wanted
to come here.
- I know, but there's always
this threat of, you know,
what we call waking the sleeping
dragon when you do these things,
because doing something
to a silicone-injected area
can induce a very significant
inflammatory reaction.
And you get a whole granulomas/
foreign body situation
that can be a disaster,
you know?
So not to scare you.
- I'm scared.
- [laughs] Too late.
- But that's what goes on
in our minds
when we see patients
who have problems
who want, potentially,
our help.
So I think it's time
to go examine you,
and see what's cooking, and see
what we can offer you. Shall we?
- Let's go do it.
- Let's do it.
- Dee has a large amount
of silicone injected
in various parts of the body.
At a moment's notice,
any of those can be like
waking a Pandora's Box
and really turn into
a major problem for Dee.
- Unfortunately, I've had
another MRSA infection.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- We have met a wide variety
of people
who've had
body implants/injections,
but I don't think we've
met anyone who's had injections
all throughout
their body, like you.
So if you don't mind,
I'd actually like to sort of
examine the various parts
and see what's
going on with them.
So you had some injections
to your arms, yes?
- Yes.
- Where?
- Like, right in here.
- Huh.
- But just, like,
a tiny little bit.
- So maybe that.
- Except right there.
- Mm-hmm.
- [chuckles]
Wow.
It's really filled, but it's--
- It's very bouncy.
- Yeah. I know.
I mean this is one of the,
sort of, best I've ever seen.
- He's moving his fingers and
squeezing all my little bits.
That makes me feel really great.
- Wow. You have a lot.
- A lot.
- 'Cause that's like
a 500 cc implant.
As I'm feeling
Matthew's various areas
that he's had
silicone injection,
I'm assessing him for
any inflammatory nodules,
and his body
has actually very well
tolerated the relatively large
amount of free silicone
that he's injected.
He's actually very, very lucky.
The good news is, it's soft.
They're not inflamed.
There is a solution.
- Mm-hmm.
- I would make an incision
that goes hip to hip--I know,
but it's below
the underwear--and
elevate up the skin.
All the way up
to the chest wall here.
- Mm-hmm.
- And then from the inside
remove these.
And then I would basically
do what's called
a skin-only tummy tuck on you
which is to remove the skin
from the belly button down.
And it's a big scar with
a very significant recovery,
so basically you're down
for several weeks.
- I came in here
with the expectation
of hopefully a quick fix
for my aesthetic issue,
and now we're talking
a completely different story.
- So I think this is relatively
actually quite low risk.
- Schedule.
- I'm getting a little
emotional, because this is,
like--I thought it was
gonna be something...
- Much easier?
- No. Much worse.
I've been very worried
about the silicone,
just because
there is so much...
- Bad.
- Bad news out there.
And to hear that I'm that lucky
and as lucky as I thought
I have been for years
is very good news.
Hearing Dr. Dubrow say
that I'm at very low risk
of having any kind of
complication is amazing news.
It's like--I can take my tits
out and relax now.
That's amazing to hear,
and I would love
to explore that option.
Unfortunately, I can't
do that right now,
'cause I can't afford
to not be on the road.
I'm literally booked
and contracted into gigs for,
like, the next year.
As soon as I can get some time
off, I'm gonna call Dr. Dubrow
and say,
"Let's get it on the books.
I'm coming in to take
these puppies out."
Listen, I tuck every night.
What's one more tuck?
- We're here for you when
you're ready, Matt/Dee. Okay?
But you tell everyone
who comes to you
and asks you for guidance
not to do this, all right?
- Thank you.
- That's good.
- So it looks like we'll see you
in the future.
- Oh, my God.
[laughter]
- Is that right? Does that work?
- Yes.
- It is bizarre
that my baby brother
who has never had children,
obviously,
is now going to be the first in
the family to get a tummy tuck.
My mom and I are both
very jealous I'm sure.
[laughs]
- Thank you for coming
and being here.
- My pleasure.
♪ ♪
- I wish I could say
everything is going great,
but unfortunately I've
had another MRSA infection.
I think it was probably about
a month after the surgery
that I noticed
some really weird spots
in different parts of my body.
So I ended up
in the emergency room
where I was told
that the MRSA was back.
I never imagined that
I would be facing this again.
I had hoped this last surgery
was the last,
but it seems we're going
to need another one.
The left breast has been
sliding underneath my armpit.
It's just not
in a stable position.
This one.
There it goes.
I know that the MRSA
severely damaged my pec muscles
to begin with,
and that's to blame
for my current issue.
I'm just hoping Dr. Dubrow can
find me a permanent solution.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Good.
- Good to see you.
- You too.
- Okay, so we had a little
complication, right?
- Yeah.
- Obviously,
all those infections
and everything ate up...
- Yeah.
- The muscle.
The muscle that I tried
to put together
was obviously too weak
to hold the implant in,
and so now we have
to fix the complication.
Jessica's infection clearly
undid my original surgery,
and I'm concerned that any
further surgery could be undone
by a recurrent MRSA infection.
But knowing that she was
treated in the emergency room
with the appropriate
antibiotics probably means
that we won't be seeing
this infection again.
At the very least,
my fingers are crossed.
So what I have to do
is create a wall out of tissue
to prevent the implant from
falling down into her armpit.
The reason it occurred
at the original surgery
is because her MRSA infection
obviously ate
all of the soft tissue
in this area and weakened it.
But now that the implant's
been in for a while,
hopefully there's enough
scar tissue around it
that I can use that.
Okay, so she has formed
some good scar tissue here
that I can theoretically
rotate down.
Usually scar tissue in
the breast is your worst enemy,
but in this special case
it's actually the best solution.
Hopefully,
there's enough scar tissue
in Jessica's breast pocket
that I can actually use it
to build
and reinforce a strong wall.
That's a pretty stable wall.
It's like the great wall
of Terry.
- Hmm.
- Could you sit her up?
- Mm-hmm.
- The outer wall is closed off.
Provided we don't get infection
and the wall isn't
broken down any further,
that should remain intact,
so fingers crossed.
Okay. Awesome.
Let's close.
You need a nipple.
- Yeah.
- That's all you need.
- I have been waiting for this
day for a very, very long time.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- Hello.
So let's chat and see
where you're at.
Let me see.
Are they soft?
- Yeah.
- Did the repair hold?
It's holding so well.
- Good.
- Like, it feels
incredibly stable.
I even started, like,
chest pressing last week.
- It's good to see that
Jessica's surgery site
has remained very stable.
There's no evidence of any MRSA
re-infection,
and she's doing really well.
From my point of view,
you have good symmetry.
You have stable implants/foreign
bodies in place.
You have no signs
of an infection.
You need a nipple.
- Yeah.
- That's all you need
is a nipple.
- I have been waiting
for this day
for a very, very long time.
It has been about two years
since I've seen myself
with two nipples.
- Jason is the man.
- Magic nipple man.
- He's the magic nipple man.
- I'll take care of you.
- Yeah, so let me show you
what's going on, okay?
- Absolutely.
- We reconstructed this one.
Isn't that a great breast?
- Great job.
- Yeah, and then just
as a little bonus
he's gonna put a little
tattoo there of my face.
Right there.
[laughter]
Of me going like this.
- Having Dr. Dubrow as my doctor
has been the biggest blessing.
I knew that there were
risks and complications
going into these surgeries.
But I was fully confident
if something should happen,
I'd be in the best hands.
And through to the end,
he has been amazing.
Oh, wow.
Before my surgery,
my left breast looked like
it was eaten by the MRSA shark.
I was extremely lopsided,
and as hard as I tried,
I could not build myself
a breast at the gym.
But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
I can finally say
that I'm MRSA-free.
I have symmetric breasts
with matching areolas.
I am very grateful
for where I'm at.
And they aren't perfect,
but I feel feminine again,
and I'm going to wear
my scars proudly.
- You've come a long way.
I hope it stays like this
for a long time.
Congratulations.
You've got pretty breasts,
and pretty is good,
'cause you're
a pretty girl, okay?
- Thank you.
I'm feeling very strong,
both mentally
and physically now.
- Eh?
- I love it.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- You look great.
- This being your third surgery,
you have a little bit
of an area here
where it's a little
bit purplish.
We need to suck out the blood.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- Hi. How are you?
- Hi.
[sighs]
I'm a little sore.
- You're a little swollen here.
- Did you notice that?
- Yeah. A little bit there.
- It's kind of hard to see
through the swelling right now,
but I already can tell that
it's in a better position.
I'm just excited.
And medicated.
[laughs]
- How's the rib area?
- It's sore,
but actually
it's getting better.
- Let's just take a quick
little peek-a-boo at it.
All right, so your surgery
went fantastic.
We actually really did
some great work on your nose,
and I want to take a peek now.
Overall, for day one, I'm very
happy with Shannon's nose.
I like the rotation.
I like the way it looks.
We just need to help her tip.
This being your third surgery,
you have a little bit
of an area here
where it's a little
bit purplish.
The blood supply
is not that fantastic.
- Okay.
- I had a little friend
come over who's gonna help us.
- Okay.
- And we call her
the Leech Lady.
- I'm not afraid of bugs
and critters.
In South Carolina, we have
our share of big critters.
But leeches on my face
is not something
I'm looking forward to.
- They suck out the blood.
We need to free
all that blood out of there.
- Okay.
- And that's gonna help
decrease your swelling
and help improve
the circulation.
I'm gonna do something
special for Shannon.
I'm gonna give her
two extra leeches.
One for each side,
and that's gonna help
get rid of
some of that bruising.
- Oh, my God.
It does sting a little.
- It stings a little bit?
- Mm-hmm.
These two.
- I'm sure when Shannon thinks
about Beverly Hills
she thinks
about designer shopping,
the best restaurants.
The last thing
she probably thinks about
is having a leech on her face.
Sorry.
- So we're gonna leave you
and let the leeches
have a wonder-fest here
and get a good drink.
- Okay.
- We already see
right now your tip
is getting less red.
- Good.
- And we'll see you later on,
and you promise you call us.
- Will do.
♪ ♪
It has taken me
almost nine years to get here.
Dr. Nassif did something
that I honestly
didn't think was possible.
The witch is dead.
♪ ♪
- I get so close.
- Today I'm excited to see her,
'cause it's the first time
actually being made up
and really out in public since
all the swelling has gone down,
so we're very excited
to see her.
- Oh!
- Hey, family.
- Mommy!
- [laughs]
What do you think?
- I like it a lot.
- Look at it this way.
- My mom looks amazing,
and I just want to, like,
show her off, and take her to,
like, show-and-tell, and stuff,
'cause she looks that good.
- What do you think?
- I like it.
It's gorgeous.
- Thank you.
Before my surgery,
my nose made me
look like the wicked witch
of the South.
It was long, crooked,
had a bump and a plunging tip
that horrified my daughter.
Now my nose fits my face.
It's shorter, straight,
and the tip doesn't droop.
Should we do a face swap?
- Yeah.
- Want to do me?
- I mean, you just live
for your kids.
And you just want them
to be proud of you.
[gasps]
Look at that.
No more wicked witch.
- No.
- I'm the captain
of the Boobinati.
- What does that mean?
- Big boob army, big boob mafia.
- Like Illuminati
they talked about?
- Yeah, the Boobinati!
- My plastic surgeon
took the splint off,
and I saw a look of horror
on his face
as well as my mom's face.
The surgery had gone so wrong.
- My triceps are so big I look
like Popeye and Olive Oyl.
I'm the only guy on the nude
beach wearing something,
being covered up,
and it's my arms.